<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"> 
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
      xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
      xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html">

   	<h:head>
        <title>Corrigans</title>
        <link rel="shortcut icon" href="images/shop.ico" />
		<h:outputStylesheet library="css" name="styles.css" />
    </h:head>

    <body>
    <h:form>
		<div id="page">
			<div id="loginbar">
					<ul>
						<li><h:link value="Login" outcome="login"  rendered="#{!login.userLoggedIn}"/></li>
						<li><h:link value="Register" outcome="register" rendered="#{!login.userLoggedIn}"/></li>
						<li>#{login.currentUser.fullName}</li>
						<li><h:commandLink value="Logout" action="#{login.logout()}" outcome="index" rendered="#{login.userLoggedIn}"/></li>
					</ul>
			</div>
			<div id="header">
				<h1><h:graphicImage name="images/CorrigansLogo.png" />Corrigans Supermarket</h1>
			</div>
			<div id="navbar">
                <ul>
	                <li><h:link value="Home" outcome="index" /></li>
	                <li><h:link value="Special Offers" outcome="specialoffers" /></li>
	                <li><h:link value="Products" outcome="products" /></li>
                </ul>
            </div>
            <div id="sidebar">
            	<ul>
	            	<li><h:link value="My Basket" outcome="basket" ><h:graphicImage name="images/Cart.png"/></h:link></li>
	                <li><h:link value="FAQ" outcome="faq" ><h:graphicImage name="images/faq.png" outcome="faq"/></h:link></li>
            		<li><h:link value="About Us" outcome="aboutUs" ><h:graphicImage name="images/aboutUs.png" outcome="aboutUs"/></h:link></li>
            		<li><h:link value="Contact" outcome="contact" ><h:graphicImage name="images/contact-icon.png" outcome="faq"/></h:link></li>
            	</ul>
            </div>
			<div id="main">
                <h2>FAQ</h2>
				<p>
					1. How do I select items to purchase?<br></br> As you browse
					through the Corrigans Supermarket Online Store, click on the "add
					button" button beside the items that you wish to purchase.
				</p>

				<p>
					2. How do I know what is in my shopping cart?<br></br> When
					browsing through Corrigans Supermarket, simply look to the
					left-side of the screen and click on "my basket" to see which items
					you have in your shopping cart.
				</p>

				<p>
					3. How do I remove an item from my shopping cart?<br></br> Click
					the "decrease" check box and click "modify cart" to remove that
					item from your cart. You may also change the quantity of items to
					"0" (zero) to remove the item from your shopping cart.
				</p>

				<p>
					4. How do I modify the quantity of a product in my shopping cart?<br></br>
					Click on "my basket" to see an itemized list of the products in
					your shopping cart. Change the quantity of the item and click
					"increase" or "decrease" to update the contents of your shopping
					cart.
				</p>

				<p>
					5. How do I empty out my shopping cart?<br></br> To remove items
					from your shopping cart click on "my basket", check the "remove"
					box for each item that you would like to remove from your shopping
					cart.
				</p>

				<p>
					6. How do I pay for my merchandise?<br></br> Unfortunately,
					Corrigans Supermarket is not offering this option at the present
					time online, but we hope to be able to offer it in the future.
				</p>

				<p>
					8. What is Corrigans Supermarket’s return policy and who do I
					contact regarding returns?<br></br> If for some reason you need to
					return an item to Corrigans Supermarket please email the details of
					your particular situation to: returns@corriganssupermarket.com.
				</p>

				<p>
					9. Can I pay off account online?<br></br> Unfortunately, Corrigans
					Supermarket is not offering this option at the present time online,
					but we hope to be able to offer it in the future.
				</p>
				<h:graphicImage library="images" name="faq.jpg" width="700" height="350" />                 
                 
			</div>

			<div id="footer">
            	<p><h:link value=" Terms and Conditions" outcome="terms.xhtml" ></h:link>
            	&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; <h:link value="Privacy Policy" outcome="privacy.xhtml" ></h:link> 
            	&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &copy;<b>CSE 2014</b></p>
			</div>

		</div>
		</h:form>
    </body>
    
    </html>
